#### Have you met the learning objectives for this week? 

As you see down below, we covered a lot during this week! Take some time going through this recap of tools and learning objectives for this week. Did you touch upon all of these? Are there some things you missed that you can read up on now or make sure you'll work with during the upcoming weeks? 

Be sure to write down the things you need to brush up on or that you feel like you missed. Moving forward you need to bare that in mind and try to practice those certain things more. 

##### What you have been learning and working with the passed week: 

* Ruby on Rails as web framework / Rails 5.2 Boilerplate - A scaffolded application with a basic setup for testing.
    * understand the concept of ORM's vs SQL (ActiveRecord)
    * understand the MVC structure
    * controllers
    * routes
    * models
    * relation between models
    * concept of params


* Cartify - a gem for order functionality and check out flow
* Devise for user authentication and account management
* Tailwind CSS as CSS framework
* Learn about the hardships that will occur if we can't read documentation for libraries we use in our projects (gems).

* PostgreSQL as a database with ActiveRecord as ORM
* Deployment to Heroku and the benefits of services like Heroku, DigitalOcean and AWS. 

* Test Driven Development and Behavior Driven Design
* Learn more about Test- and Behavior Driven Development or Acceptance - Unit Test cycle.
    * Cucumber for Acceptance tests
    * RSpec for Unit tests

* Pivotal Tracker as Project Management tool for tracking Features, Chores, and Bugs.
* GitHub to store your code and make it available for the entire team
    * Really embrace and understand the benefits of Pair Programming & collaboration using Git and GitHub
    * Collaboration using Git and GitHub
* Pony for creating and editing Entity-Relationship Diagrams (optional)     


* Use basic Agile practices
    * self organizing teams
    * the importance of planning your work
    * iterative and incremental design
        * Incremental – adding new functionality in small chunks
        * Iterative – performing repeatedly, i.e. adding new functionality in a repetitive or cyclic manner.
    
* Pair Programming